kahoot sucks

The scoring system in kahoot fucking sucks. It should be burned at the stake and then shit on by a fucking elephant. I really don’t like doing kahoots, but when my civics teacher announced the top 3 scorers would get a bag of m&ms, i knew i had to lock in. i started off solid. After 14 questions, i made it to 3rd place. 5 questions later and i’m number 1. Now I just had to keep the momentum going for the next 40 questions. next thing i know, i answered the question 1 FUCKING MILLISECOND TOO SLOW and get sent back to 7th place. I slowly start working my way back up to the podium. 6th place, 5th place, 4th place, and finally, 3rd. I held my position for about 15 more questions, when i met my untimely demise. I got a true or false question wrong. I had a 50% chance to get it right and i fucking sold. I watch in horror as i fall from 3rd place to 18th. With only 7 questions left i knew i stood no chance at getting any m&ms. then, it happened. 18 out of the 23 people in my class got a question wrong. I moved all the way back up the 5th place with 4 more questions left to bring my score up. I make it to 4th place with 2 more questions left. The person ahead of me got the next question wrong, placing me back on the podium at 3rd. I became suddenly filled with excitement as i could now see myself chowing down on the delicious chocolate filled treats called m&ms. Last question. I absolutely cannot mess up. As the question pops up on the screen, my face fills with horror as i realize i do not know the answer. I click a random answer with only God here to help me. 15 seconds go by, and i got the question right. At first, i was filled with more joy than i have ever experienced in my lifetime. However, my happiness will be over very soon. The person in 4th place answered a fucking nanosecond faster than i did and was put on the podium, only leading me by 4 points. I begin to realize i will not get to experience the crunchiness and sweetness of the chocolate candy i have been longing for. I am filled with sadness at the thought of not receiving the candy i deserve.